refactor: ♻️ streamline model retrieval logic in download module and include all sizes (#116)
ultralytics/inference: README.md

| `predict`                                         | `yolo26n.onnx`      | Default detect model, auto-downloaded                                      |
| `predict --task segment`                          | `yolo26n-seg.onnx`  | Nano seg model, auto-downloaded                                            |
| `predict --task pose`                             | `yolo26n-pose.onnx` | Nano pose model, auto-downloaded                                           |
| `predict --task obb`                              | `yolo26n-obb.onnx`  | Nano OBB model, auto-downloaded                                            |
| `predict --task classify`                         | `yolo26n-cls.onnx`  | Nano classify model, auto-downloaded                                       |
| `predict --model yolo26l-seg.onnx`                | `yolo26l-seg.onnx`  | Task read from model metadata                                              |
| `predict --task segment --model yolo26l-seg.onnx` | `yolo26l-seg.onnx`  | `--task` matches metadata, no warning                                      |

> | `predict --task segment --model yolo26n.onnx`     | `yolo26n.onnx`      | Task overridden with warning; results may be empty if architectures differ |

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: This row no longer matches the implementation. `run_prediction()` now exits with an error when `--task` conflicts with the explicit model metadata, so the docs should not say the task is overridden with a warning.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
| `predict --task segment --model yolo26n.onnx`     | `yolo26n.onnx`      | Conflicts with model metadata and exits with an error                       |
```
